Feat: instruction for Windows WSL (#146)
italia/Satosa-Saml2Spid: Docker-compose/README.md

## Requirements

> The following instructions and provided scripts are intended to be used on a RedHat or Ubuntu based system. Success on Windows based system is currenlty not guaranteed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following instructions and provided scripts are intended to be used on a GNU/Linux based system. Success on Windows based system is currently not guaranteed.
```

Author: applied in 0ac633a5385c80a5f77ae3e4a01a6bcc087b831d
